---
created: 2024-12-12T09:07:46Z
modified: 2024-12-12T15:40:18Z
tags: [daily]
---

## What do I need to accomplish today?

- [x] Install and configure **Linter** plugin in Obsidian
- [x] Add **created** and **modified** date properties to YAML frontmatter
- [ ] Replace static list of notes created today using **Dataview** plugin

## Notes

- I know that in order for the **Dataview** plugin to show the expected items in the "Files created today" section of a daily note, every content file needs to specify the "date created" in the YAML frontmatter -- rather than relying on the corresponding date property managed by the file system.
- This is required because Git does not set "date created" when cloning a repository. In other words, when you `git clone` a repository, all of the files appear to have been created at the time they are retrieved from source control.
- Since I'm adding a "date created" property, I might as well add a "date modified" property at the same time.
- In addition to numerous features for improving the quality of Markdown, the [Linter](https://platers.github.io/obsidian-linter/) plugin also includes the ability to insert "date created" and "date modified" properties. While there are other simpler plugins that insert/update date properties in YAML frontmatter (e.g. [Update time on edit](https://github.com/beaussan/update-time-on-edit-obsidian) and [Update Front Matter Timestamps](https://github.com/lighthousedino/obsidian-front-matter-timestamps)), it makes more sense to start using the **Linter** plugin.

## What did I learn today?
