---
created: 2024-12-11T23:08:06Z
modified: 2024-12-12T11:45:42Z
tags: daily
---  

## What do I need to accomplish today?

- [x] Start utilizing daily notes to improve productivity
- [x] Fix `.gitignore` file so everything *just works*
- [x] Optimize the Git plugin settings in Obsidian
- [x] Customize the appearance of Obsidian to suit my personal tastes
- [x] Document process for uploading images to Imgur
- [ ] Replace static list of notes created today using **Dataview** plugin

## Notes

- Good reference for using daily notes (starting off simple): [Daily Notes, The Obsidian plugin I couldn't live without]([Daily Notes, the most important Obsidian plugin | Medium](https://medium.com/@fnoer/daily-notes-the-obsidian-plugin-i-couldnt-live-without-cf124ebb57f6))
- What I'd like my daily notes to eventually look like: [Obsidian Guide: Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Yearly notes]([Obsidian Guide: Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Yearly notes · Vault of Josh](https://vaultofjosh.com/blog/obsidian-periodic-notes/))

## What did I learn today?

- There are a number of "gotchas" with the way Obsidian supports community plugins. Ideally, I'd rather not store all of the JavaScript, CSS, shell scripts, etc. for community plugins in the [[Ideaverse]] repository on GitHub. However, the benefit of having things *just work* (e.g., after doing a `git clone`) seems to be well worth the tradeoff.
- Using the **Dataview** plugin to show the list of "files created today" in a daily note seems relatively simple at first. However, the example code commonly found on the Internet does not account for the fact that Git doesn't set the **Created** or **Modified** date on files when cloning a repository. It appears that if I want this to work correctly, I'll need to have a "created" date specified in the YAML for each file (and use that property in the **Dataview** query -- rather than `file.cday`).

## Files created today

```dataview  
LIST WHERE file.cday = date(this.file.name)
```
